	We have been tasked with identifying the primary empirical parameter in the Lockheart-Martinelli correlation and re-optimizing it in order to
fit the data provided. The primary empirical parameter is the variable "C" in the equation to find the two phase multiplier phi_l_squared. Phi_l_squared
can be converted to phi_lo_squared assuming n = 1.8 with the McAdams correlation. To begin optimization, we used EES to find the specific value of C for every 
experimental dp_dz provided. We then took the average of those C's to be 31.3 and used that value to develop bounds in order to iterate through the data 
to minimize mean absolute error between the correlation and the experimental values in python. Iterating through the rows for C's of 0 to 100 with intervals of 
0.01 provided a C value of 30.23 which kept the mean absolute error to a minimum of 7.05%. The code used to get these values is presented in appendix 2. 

	In order to analyze the correlation and its suitability to the given data, two plots have been provided displaying some useful information regarding it. 
Figure 2.1 depicts the gaseous mass flow rate vs the correlated pressure gradient at various pipe diameters and figure 2.2 displays the correlated pressure gradient
against the experimental pressure gradient at various pipe diameters. Figure 2.1 shows that the pressure gradient decreases significantly as gas mass flux or 
diameter increase. At a diameter of 8.8 mm, the correlated pressure gradient varies over a range of -6 to -50 kPa/m in a span of only about 5 g/s in change in gas mass flux, 
implying that small changes in mass flow rates at a small diameter can significantly affect pressure drop according to this correlation. Figure 2.2 
portrays a positive, direct, relatively linear relationship between the correlated pressure gradient and the experimental pressure gradient, implying 
that there is a strong correlation between the two and that our reoptimization is relativly accurate. Figure 2.2 also demonstrates that regardless 
of pipe diameter, the Lockheart-Martinelli reoptimization appears to be accurate considering the linearity of the separate plots. 
